Adamantine Armor
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/adamantine-armor
Amulet of Health
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/amulet-of-health
Amulet of Proof against Detection and Location
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/amulet-of-proof-against-detection-and-location
Amulet of the Planes
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/amulet-of-the-planes
Animated Shield
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/animated-shielf
Apparatus of the Crab
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/apparatus-of-the-crab
Armor of Invulnerability
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/armor-of-invulnerability
Armor of Resistance
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/armor-of-resistance
Armor of Vulnerability
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/armor-of-vulnerability
Arrow-Catching Shield
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/arrow-catching-shield
Arrow of Slaying
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/arrow-of-slaying
Bag of Beans
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/bag-of-beans
Bag of Devouring
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/bag-of-devouring
Bag of Holding
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/bag-of-holding
Bag of Tricks
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/bag-of-tricks
Bead of Force
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/bead-of-force
Belt of Dwarvenkind
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/belt-of-dwarvenkind
Belt of Giant Strength
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/belt-of-giant-strength
Berserker Axe
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/berserker-axe
Boots of Elvenkind
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/boots-of-elvenkind
Boots of Levitation
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/boots-of-levitation
Boots of Speed
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/boots-of-speed
Boots of Striding and Springing
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/boots-of-striding-and-springing
Boots of the Winterlands
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/boots-of-the-winterlands
Bowl of Commanding Water Elementals
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/bowl-of-commanding-water-elementals
Bracers of Archery
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/bracers-of-archery
Bracers of Defense
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/bracers-of-defense
Brazier of Commanding Fire Elementals
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/brazier-of-commanding-fire-elementals
Brooch of Shielding
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/brooch-of-shielding
Broom of Flying
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/broom-of-flying
Candle of Invocation
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/candle-of-invocation
Cape of the Mountebank
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/cape-of-mountebank
Carpet of Flying
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/carpet-of-flying
Censer of Controlling Air Elementals
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/censer-of-controlling-air-elementals
Chime of Opening
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/chime-of-opening
Circlet of Blasting
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/circlet-of-blasting
Cloak of Arachnida
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/cloak-of-arachnida
Cloak of Displacement
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/cloak-of-displacement
Cloak of Elvenkind
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/cloak-of-elvenkind
Cloak of Protection
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/cloak-of-protection
Cloak of the Bat
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/cloak-of-the-bat
Cloak of the Manta Ray
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/cloak-of-the-manta-ray
Crystal Ball
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/crystal-ball
Cube of Force
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/cube-of-force
Cubic Gate
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/cubic-gate
Dagger of Venom
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/dagger-of-venom
Dancing Sword
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/dancing-sword
Decanter of Endless Water
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/decanter-of-endless-water
Deck of Illusions
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/deck-of-illusions
Deck of Many Things
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/deck-of-many-things
Defender
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/defender
Demon Armor
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/demon-armor
Dimensional Shackles
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/dimensional-shackles
Dragon Scale Mail
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/dragon-scale-mail
Dragon Slayer
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/dragon-slayer
Dust of Disappearance
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/dust-of-disappearance
Dust of Dryness
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/dust-of-dryness
Dust of Sneezing and Choking
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/dust-of-sneezing-and-choking
Dwarven Plate
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/dwarven-plate
Dwarven Thrower
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/dwarven-thrower
Efficient Quiver
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/efficient-quiver
Efreeti Bottle
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/efreeti-bottle
Elemental Gem
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/elemental-gem
Elven Chain
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/elven-chain
Eversmoking Bottle
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/eversmoking-bottle
Eyes of Charming
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/eyes-of-charming
Eyes of Minute Seeing
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/eyes-of-minute-seeing
Eyes of the Eagle
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/eyes-of-the-eagle
Feather Token
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/feather-token
Figurine of Wondrous Power
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/figurine-of-wondrous-power
Flame Tongue
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/flame-tongue
Folding Boat
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/folding-boat
Frost Brand
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/frost-brand
Gauntlets of Ogre Power
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/gauntlets-of-ogre-power
Gem of Brightness
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/gem-of-brightness
Gem of Seeing
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/gem-of-seeing
Giant Slayer
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/giant-slayer
Glamoured Studded Leather
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/glamoured-studded-leather
Gloves of Missile Snaring
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/gloves-of-missle-snaring
Gloves of Swimming and Climbing
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/gloves-of-swimming-and-climbing
Goggles of Night
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/goggles-of-night
Hammer of Thunderbolts
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/hammer-of-thunderbolts
Handy Haversack
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/handy-haversack
Hat of Disguise
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/hat-of-disguise
Headband of Intellect
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/headband-of-intellect
Helm of Brilliance
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/helm-of-brilliance
Helm of Comprehending Languages
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/helm-of-comprehending-languages
Helm of Telepathy
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/helm-of-telepathy
Helm of Teleportation
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/helm-of-teleportation
Holy Avenger
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/holy-avenger
Horn of Blasting
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/horn-of-blasting
Horn of Valhalla
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/horn-of-valhalla
Horseshoes of a Zephyr
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/horseshoes-of-a-zephyr
Horseshoes of Speed
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/horseshoes-of-speed
Immovable Rod
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/immovable-rod
Instant Fortress
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/instant-fortress
Ioun Stone
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/ioun-stone
Iron Bands of Binding
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/iron-bands-of-binding
Iron Flask
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/iron-flask
Javelin of Lightning
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/javelin-of-lightning
Lantern of Revealing
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/lantern-of-revealing
Luck Blade
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/luck-blade
Mace of Disruption
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/mace-of-disruption
Mace of Smiting
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/mace-of-smiting
Mace of Terror
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/mace-of-terror
Mantle of Spell Resistance
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/mantle-of-spell-resistance
Manual of Bodily Health
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/manual-of-bodily-health
Manual of Gainful Exercise
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/manual-of-gainful-exercise
Manual of Golems
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/manual-of-golems
Manual of Quickness of Action
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/manual-of-quickness-of-action
Marvelous Pigments
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/marvelous-pigments
Medallion of Thoughts

Mirror of Life Trapping

Mithral Armor

Necklace of Adaptation

Necklace of Fireballs

Necklace of Prayer Beads

Nine Lives Stealer

Oathbow

Oil of Etherealness

Oil of Sharpness

Oil of Slipperiness

Orb of Dragonkind

Pearl of Power

Periapt of Health

Periapt of Proof against Poison

Periapt of Wound Closure

Philter of Love

Pipes of Haunting

Pipes of the Sewers

Plate Armor of Etherealness

Portable Hole

Potion of Animal Friendship

Potion of Clairvoyance

Potion of Climbing

Potion of Diminution

Potion of Flying

Potion of Gaseous Form

Potion of Giant Strength

Potion of Growth

Potion of Healing

Potion of Heroism

Potion of Invisibility

Potion of Mind Reading

Potion of Poison

Potion of Resistance

Potion of Speed

Potion of Water Breathing

Restorative Ointment

Ring of Animal Influence

Ring of Djinni Summoning

Ring of Elemental Command

Ring of Evasion

Ring of Feather Falling

Ring of Free Action

Ring of Invisibility

Ring of Jumping

Ring of Mind Shielding

Ring of Protection

Ring of Regeneration

Ring of Resistance

Ring of Shooting Stars

Ring of Spell Storing

Ring of Spell Turning

Ring of Swimming

Ring of Telekinesis

Ring of the Ram

Ring of Three Wishes

Ring of Warmth

Ring of Water Walking

Ring of X-ray Vision

Robe of Eyes

Robe of Scintillating Colors

Robe of Stars

Robe of the Archmagi

Robe of Useful Items

Rod of Absorption

Rod of Alertness

Rod of Lordly Might

Rod of Rulership

Rod of Security

Rope of Climbing

Rope of Entanglement

Scarab of Protection

Scimitar of Speed

Shield of Missile Attraction

Slippers of Spider Climbing

Sovereign Glue

Spell Scroll

Spellguard Shield

Sphere of Annihilation

Staff of Charming

Staff of Fire

Staff of Frost

Staff of Healing

Staff of Power

Staff of Striking

Staff of Swarming Insects

Staff of the Magi

Staff of the Python

Staff of the Woodlands

Staff of Thunder and Lightning

Staff of Withering

Stone of Controlling Earth Elementals

Stone of Good Luck (Luckstone)

Sun Blade

Sword of Life Stealing

Sword of Sharpness

Sword of Wounding

Talisman of Pure Good

Talisman of the Sphere

Talisman of Ultimate Evil

Tome of Clear Thought

Tome of Leadership and Influence

Tome of Understanding

Trident of Fish Command

Universal Solvent

Vicious Weapon

Vorpal Sword

Wand of Binding

Wand of Enemy Detection

Wand of Fear

Wand of Fireballs

Wand of Lightning Bolts

Wand of Magic Detection

Wand of Magic Missiles

Wand of Paralysis

Wand of Polymorph

Wand of Secrets

Wand of the War Mage, +1, +2, or +3

Wand of Web

Wand of Wonder

Weapon, +1, +2, or +3

Well of Many Worlds

Wind Fan

Winged Boots

Wings of Flying

