Aboleth
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/aboleth
Acolyte
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/acolyte
Adult Black Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/adult-black-dragon
Adult Blue Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/adult-blue-dragon
Adult Brass Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/adult-brass-dragon
Adult Bronze Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/adult-bronze-dragon
Adult Copper Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/adult-copper-dragon
Adult Gold Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/adult-gold-dragon
Adult Green Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/adult-green-dragon
Adult Red Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/adult-red-dragon
Adult Silver Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/adult-silver-dragon
Adult White Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/adult-white-dragon
Air Elemental
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/air-elemental
Ancient Black Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ancient-black-dragon
Ancient Blue Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ancient-blue-dragon
Ancient Brass Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ancient-brass-dragon
Ancient Bronze Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ancient-bronze-dragon
Ancient Copper Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ancient-copper-dragon
Ancient Gold Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ancient-gold-dragon
Ancient Green Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ancient-green-dragon
Ancient Red Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ancient-red-dragon
Ancient Silver Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ancient-silver-dragon
Ancient White Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ancient-white-dragon
Androsphinx
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/androsphinx
Animated Armor
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/animated-armor
Ankheg
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ankheg
Archmage
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/archmage
Assassin
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/assassin
Awakened Shrub
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/awakened-shrub
Awakened Tree
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/awakened-tree
Azer
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/azer
Balor
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/balor
Bandit
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/bandit
Bandit Captain
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/bandit-captain
Barbed Devil
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/barbed-devil
Basilisk
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/basilisk
Bearded Devil
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/bearded-devil
Behir
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/behir
Berserker
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/berserker
Black Dragon Wyrmling
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/black-dragon-wyrmling
Black Pudding
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/black-pudding
Blink Dog
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/blink-dog
Blue Dragon Wyrmling
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/blue-dragon-wyrmling
Bone Devil
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/bone-devil
Brass Dragon Wyrmling
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/brass-dragon-wyrmling
Bronze Dragon Wyrmling
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/bronze-dragon-wyrmling
Bugbear
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/bugbear
Bulette
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/bulette
Centaur
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/centaur
Chain Devil
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/chain-devil
Chimera
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/chimera
Chuul
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/chuul
Clay Golem
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/clay-golem
Cloaker
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/cloaker
Cloud Giant
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/cloud-giant
Cockatrice
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/cockatrice
Commoner
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/commoner
Copper Dragon Wyrmling
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/copper-dragon-wyrmling
Couatl
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/couatl
Cult Fanatic
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/cult-fanatic
Cultist
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/cultist
Darkmantle
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/darkmantle
Death Dog
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/death-dog
Deep Gnome (Svirfneblin)
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/deep-gnome-svirfneblin
Deva
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/deva
Djinni
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/djinni
Doppelganger
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/doppelganger
Dragon Turtle
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/dragon-turtle
Dretch
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/dretch
Drider
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/drider
Drow
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/drow
Druid
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/druid
Dryad
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/dryad
Duergar
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/duergar
Dust Mephit
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/dust-mephit
Earth Elemental
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/earth-elemental
Efreeti
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/efreeti
Erinyes
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/erinyes
Ettercap
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ettercap
Ettin
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ettin
Fire Elemental
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/fire-elemental
Fire Giant
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/fire-giant
Flesh Golem
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/flesh-golem
Flying Snake
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/flying-snake
Flying Sword
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/flying-sword
Frost Giant
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/frost-giant
Gargoyle
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/gargoyle
Gelatinous Cube
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/gelatinous-cube
Ghast
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ghast
Ghost
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ghost
Ghoul
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ghoul
Giant Ape
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-ape
Giant Badger
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-badger
Giant Bat
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-bat
Giant Boar
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-boar
Giant Centipede
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-centipede
Giant Constrictor Snake
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-constrictor-snake
Giant Crab
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-crab
Giant Crocodile
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-crocodile
Giant Eagle
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-eagle
Giant Elk
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-elk
Giant Fire Beetle
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-fire-beetle
Giant Frog
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-frog
Giant Goat
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-goat
Giant Hyena
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-hyena
Giant Lizard
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-lizard
Giant Octopus
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-octopus
Giant Owl
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-owl
Giant Poisonous Snake
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-poisonous-snake
Giant Rat
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-rat
Giant Rat (Diseased)
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/diseased-giant-rat
Giant Scorpion
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-scorpion
Giant Sea Horse
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-sea-horse
Giant Shark
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-shark
Giant Spider
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-spider
Giant Toad
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-toad
Giant Vulture
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-vulture
Giant Wasp
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-wasp
Giant Weasel
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-weasel
Giant Wolf Spider
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/giant-wolf-spider
Gibbering Mouther
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/gibbering-mouther
Glabrezu
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/glabrezu
Gladiator
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/gladiator
Gnoll
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/gnoll
Goblin
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/goblin
Gold Dragon Wyrmling
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/gold-dragon-wyrmling
Gorgon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/gorgon
Gray Ooze
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/gray-ooze
Green Dragon Wyrmling
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/green-dragon-wyrmling
Green Hag
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/green-hag
Grick
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/grick
Griffon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/griffon
Grimlock
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/grimlock
Guard
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/guard
Guardian Naga
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/guardian-naga
Gynosphinx
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/gynosphinx
Half-Red Dragon Veteran
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/half-red-dragon-veteran
Harpy
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/harpy
Hell Hound
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/hell-hound
Hezrou
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/hezrou
Hill Giant
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/hill-giant
Hippogriff
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/hippogriff
Hobgoblin
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/hobgoblin
Homunculus
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/homunculus
Horned Devil
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/horned-devil
Hunter Shark
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/hunter-shark
Hydra
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/hydra
Hyena
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/hyena
Ice Devil
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ice-devil
Ice Mephit
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ice-mephit
Imp
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/imp
Invisible Stalker
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/invisible-stalker
Iron Golem
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/iron-golem
Knight
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/knight
Kobold
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/kobold
Kraken
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/kraken
Lamia
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/lamia
Lemure
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/lemure
Lich
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/lich
Lizardfolk
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/lizardfolk
Mage
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/mage
Magma Mephit
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/magma-mephit
Magmin
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/magmin
Manticore
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/manticore
Marilith
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/marilith
Mastiff
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/mastiff
Medusa
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/medusa
Merfolk
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/merfolk
Merrow
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/merrow
Mimic
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/mimic
Minotaur
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/minotaur
Minotaur Skeleton
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/minotaur-skeleton
Mummy
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/mummy
Mummy Lord
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/mummy-lord
Nalfeshnee
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/nalfeshnee
Night Hag
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/night-hag
Nightmare
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/nightmare
Noble
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/noble
Ogre
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ogre
Ogre Zombie
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/ogre-zombie
Oni
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/oni
Orc
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/orc
Otyugh
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/otyugh
Owlbear
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/owlbear
Pegasus
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/pegasus
Phase Spider
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/phase-spider
Pit Fiend
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/pit-fiend
Planetar
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/planetar
Plesiosaurus
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/plesiosaurus
Priest
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/priest
Pseudodragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/pseudodragon
Purple Worm
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/purple-worm
Quasit
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/quasit
Quipper
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/quipper
Rakshasa
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/rakshasa
Red Dragon Wyrmling
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/red-dragon-wyrmling
Remorhaz
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/remorhaz
Roc
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/roc
Roper
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/roper
Rug of Smothering
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/rug-of-smothering
Rust Monster
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/rust-monster
Sahuagin
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/sahuagin
Salamander
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/salamander
Satyr
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/satyr
Scout
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/scout
Sea Hag
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/sea-hag
Shadow
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/shadow
Shambling Mound
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/shambilng-mound
Shield Guardian
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/shield-guardian
Shrieker
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/shrieker
Silver Dragon Wyrmling
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/silver-dragon-wyrmling
Skeleton
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/skeleton
Solar
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/solar
Specter
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/specter
Spirit Naga
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/spirit-naga
Sprite
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/sprite
Spy
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/spy
Steam Mephit
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/steam-mephit
Stirge
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/stirge
Stone Giant
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/stone-giant
Stone Golem
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/stone-golem
Storm Giant
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/storm-giant
Succubus
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/succubus
Incubus
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/incubus
Swarm of Bats
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/swarm-of-bats
Swarm of Beetles
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/swarm-of-beetles
Swarm of Centipedes
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/swarm-of-centipede
Swarm of Insects
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/swarm-of-insects
Swarm of Poisonous Snakes
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/swarm-of-poisonous-snakes
Swarm of Quippers
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/swarm-of-quippers
Swarm of Rats
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/swarm-of-rats
Swarm of Ravens
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/swarm-of-ravens
Swarm of Spiders
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/swarm-of-spiders
Swarm of Wasps
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/swarm-of-wasps
Tarrasque
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/tarrasque
Thug
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/thug
Treant
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/treant
Tribal Warrior
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/tribal-warrior
Triceratops
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/triceratops
Troll
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/troll
Tyrannosaurus Rex
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/tyrannosaurus-rex
Unicorn
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/unicorn
Vampire
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/vampire
Vampire Spawn
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/vampire-spawn
Veteran
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/veteran
Violet Fungus
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/violet-fungus
Vrock
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/vrock
Vulture
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/vulture
Warhorse
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/warhorse
Warhorse Skeleton
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/warhorse-skeleton
Water Elemental
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/water-elemental
Werebear
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/werebear
Wereboar
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/wereboar
Wererat
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/wererat
Weretiger
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/weretiger
Werewolf
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/werewolf
White Dragon Wyrmling
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/white-dragon-wyrmling
Wight
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/wight
Will-o'-Wisp
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/will-o-wisp
Winter Wolf
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/winter-wolf
Wolf
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/wolf
Worg
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/worg
Wraith
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/wraith
Wyvern
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/wyvern
Xorn
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/xorn
Young Black Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/young-black-dragon
Young Blue Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/young-blue-dragon
Young Brass Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/young-brass-dragon
Young Bronze Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/young-bronze-dragon
Young Copper Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/young-copper-dragon
Young Gold Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/young-gold-dragon
Young Green Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/young-green-dragon
Young Red Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/young-red-dragon
Young Silver Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/young-silver-dragon
Young White Dragon
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/young-white-dragon
Zombie
https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/zombie